There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. - George Sand
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out. - Jenn Proske
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. - Pele
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. - Steve Jobs
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao Tzu
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. - Bradley Whitford
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone. - Orson Welles
Love myself I do. Not everything, but I love the good as well as the bad. I love my crazy lifestyle, and I love my hard discipline. I love my freedom of speech and the way my eyes get dark when I'm tired. I love that I have learned to trust people with my heart, even if it will get broken. I am proud of everything that I am and will become. - Johnny Weir 
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge. - Bertrand Russell
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. - Mother Teresa
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth. - Menachem Begin
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. - Oscar Wilde
The most important thing in the world is family and love. - John Wooden
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses. - Ann Landers
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides. - Audrey Hepburn
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. - Bruce Lee
Beauty is when you can appreciate yourself. When you love yourself, that's when you're most beautiful.
Nobody can predict the future. You just have to give your all to the relationship you're in and do your best to take care of your partner, communicate and give them every last drop of love you have. I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad.- Nick Cannon
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. - William Shakespeare
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love. - Bryant H. McGill
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love. - Hubert H. Humphrey
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. - Mignon McLaughlin
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning. - Brad Henry
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. - Satchel Paige
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. - Euripides
Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come. - Henri Nouwen
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance. - Brian Tracy
Choose your love, Love your choice. - Thomas S. Monson
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. - Rumi
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were. - Richard Bach
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else. - John Keats
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love. - Marilyn Monroe
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night. - A. J. McLean
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death. - Leonardo da Vinci
Liza, I love you more than any words can say. You have made me a complete person. You are everything to me. And I cannot think of living life without you. And I love you forever. - David Gest
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love. - Max Muller
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. - Marcus Aurelius
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
The more often we see the things around us - even the beautiful and wonderful things - the more they become invisible to us. That is why we often take for granted the beauty of this world: the flowers, the trees, the birds, the clouds - even those we love. Because we see things so often, we see them less and less. - Joseph B. Wirthlin
A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy. - Abhishek Bachchan
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death. - Robert Fulghum
Love can be unselfish, in the sense of being benevolent and generous, without being selfless. - Mortimer Adler
Being in love is the only transcendent experience. - Armistead Maupin
In finding love, I think it's important to be patient. In being in a relationship, I think it's important to be honest, to communicate, to respect and trust, and to strive to give more than you take. - Kina Grannis
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself. - Josh Billings
Love is the answer, and you know that for sure; Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow. - John Lennon
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude. - Denis Waitley
If music be the food of love, play on. - William Shakespeare
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace. - Jimi Hendrix
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time. - Julia Child
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die. - Maya Angelou
Unconditional love really exists in each of us. It is part of our deep inner being. It is not so much an active emotion as a state of being. It's not 'I love you' for this or that reason, not 'I love you if you love me.' It's love for no reason, love without an object. - Ram Dass
True love doesn't happen right away; it's an ever-growing process. It develops after you've gone through many ups and downs, when you've suffered together, cried together, laughed together. - Ricardo Montalban
If we're destroying our trees and destroying our environment and hurting animals and hurting one another and all that stuff, there's got to be a very powerful energy to fight that. I think we need more love in the world. We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter. I definitely want to contribute to that. - Ellen DeGeneres
Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you. - Frank Lloyd Wright
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar; I love not Man the less, but Nature more. - Lord Byron
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive. - Dalai Lama
I love the feeling of the fresh air on my face and the wind blowing through my hair. - Evel Knievel
A grateful heart is a beginning of greatness. It is an expression of humility. It is a foundation for the development of such virtues as prayer, faith, courage, contentment, happiness, love, and well-being. - James E. Faust
Christmas is the perfect time to celebrate the love of God and family and to create memories that will last forever. Jesus is God's perfect, indescribable gift. The amazing thing is that not only are we able to receive this gift, but we are able to share it with others on Christmas and every other day of the year. - Joel Osteen
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance. - Oscar Wilde
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love. - Stevie Wonder
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is. - Jim Morrison
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love. - Saint Basil
Never make a decision when you are upset, sad, jealous or in love. - Mario Teguh
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope. - Maya Angelou
Black as the devil, hot as hell, pure as an angel, sweet as love. - Charles Maurice de Talleyrand
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Don't let fear or insecurity stop you from trying new things. Believe in yourself. Do what you love. And most importantly, be kind to others, even if you don't like them. - Stacy London
True love stories never have endings. - Richard Bach
To love is to admire with the heart; to admire is to love with the mind. - Theophile Gautier
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail. - Kinky Friedman
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars. - Og Mandino
Feelings aroused by the touch of someone's hand, the sound of music, the smell of a flower, a beautiful sunset, a work of art, love, laughter, hope and faith - all work on both the unconscious and the conscious aspects of the self, and they have physiological consequences as well. - Bernie Siegel
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens. - Kirsten Dunst
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer. - Jean de La Fontaine
Immature love says: I love you because I need you. Mature love says I need you because I love you. - Erich Fromm
God wants us to know that life is a series of beginnings, not endings. Just as graduations are not terminations, but commencements. Creation is an ongoing process, and when we create a perfect world where love and compassion are shared by all, suffering will cease. - Bernie Siegel
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back. - Arthur Rubinstein
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people. - Nicole Scherzinger
Being a father has been, without a doubt, my greatest source of achievement, pride and inspiration. Fatherhood has taught me about unconditional love, reinforced the importance of giving back and taught me how to be a better person. - Naveen Jain
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother. - Theodore Hesburgh
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love. - Lao Tzu
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year. - Paul Sweeney
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt. - Charles M. Schulz
There is no sincerer love than the love of food. - George Bernard Shaw
I am in you and you in me, mutual in divine love. - William Blake
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness. - Friedrich Nietzsche
The course of true love never did run smooth. - William Shakespeare
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. - Don Miguel Ruiz
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. - Mother Teresa
Red is such an interesting color to correlate with emotion, because it's on both ends of the spectrum. On one end you have happiness, falling in love, infatuation with someone, passion, all that. On the other end, you've got obsession, jealousy, danger, fear, anger and frustration. - Taylor Swift
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom. - Rumi
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts. - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty. - Zig Ziglar
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. - Buddha
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love. - Maya Angelou
Love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good, too. - Yogi Berra
Don't ever criticize yourself. Don't go around all day long thinking, 'I'm unattractive, I'm slow, I'm not as smart as my brother.' God wasn't having a bad day when he made you... If you don't love yourself in the right way, you can't love your neighbour. You can't be as good as you are supposed to be. - Joel Osteen
The regret of my life is that I have not said 'I love you' often enough. - Yoko Ono
But let there be spaces in your togetherness and let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. - Khalil Gibran
I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it. - Eminem
Love who you are, embrace who you are. Love yourself. When you love yourself, people can kind of pick up on that: they can see confidence, they can see self-esteem, and naturally, people gravitate towards you. - Lilly Singh
May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live. - Robert A. Heinlein
If you do what you love, it is the best way to relax. - Christian Louboutin
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. - Douglas Adams
Be happy with being you. Love your flaws. Own your quirks. And know that you are just as perfect as anyone else, exactly as you are. - Ariana Grande
The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege. - Charles Kuralt
Religion is meant to teach us true spiritual human character. It is meant for self-transformation. It is meant to transform anxiety into peace, arrogance into humility, envy into compassion, to awaken the pure soul in man and his love for the Source, which is God. - Radhanath Swami
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
I love everything that's old, - old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wine. - Oliver Goldsmith
Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind, And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind. - William Shakespeare
My friends and family are my support system. They tell me what I need to hear, not what I want to hear and they are there for me in the good and bad times. Without them I have no idea where I would be and I know that their love for me is what's keeping my head above the water. - Kelly Clarkson
I love you - I am at rest with you - I have come home. - Dorothy L. Sayers
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time. - Drake
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough. - Garrison Keillor
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love. - Washington Irving
What I love most about this crazy life is the adventure of it. - Juliette Binoche
We are born of love; Love is our mother. - Rumi
True love is selfless. It is prepared to sacrifice. - Sadhu Vaswani
A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another. - Jesus Christ
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness, of hatred, of jealousy, and, most easily of all, the gate of fear. - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow. - John Lennon
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family. - Madonna Ciccone
I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if you're having a bad day, if you don't like your hair, if you don't have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you can't do anything until you love yourself first. - Julianne Hough
A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad. - Robert Wagner
I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong. - Derek Jeter
We are supposed to enjoy the good stuff now, while we can, with the people we love. Life has a funny way of teaching us that lesson over and over again. - Sheena Easton
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well. - Virginia Woolf
Singing is my passion, my first love and the secret of my energy. Music to me is like finding my inner self, my soul. It gives me a great joy to see audiences enjoying with me. I have given my heart to singing. When I sing, I can feel romance in everything around me. - Kailash Kher
A flower doesn't love you or hate you, it just exists. - Mike White
Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy. - Frank Sinatra
The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image. Otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them. - Thomas Merton
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love. - Ernest Hemingway
Joy is prayer; joy is strength: joy is love; joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls. - Mother Teresa
Dare, dream, dance, smile, and sing loudly! And have faith that love is an unstoppable force! - Suzanne Brockmann
We should remember that saying 'I love you' is only a beginning. We need to say it, we need to mean it, and most importantly we need consistently to show it. We need to both express and demonstrate love. - David A. Bednar
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. - Albert Einstein
Although I have a lot of close female friends in my life, my number one is still my mom. Without her, I wouldn't have the values that I have and see the world the way that I do today. She taught me how to appreciate and respect women. She taught me chivalry and how to love a woman and respect their feelings and emotions. - Shemar Moore
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
You're not looking for perfection in your partner. Perfection is all about the ego. With soulmate love, you know that true love is what happens when disappointment sets in - and you're willing to deal maturely with these disappointments. - Karen Salmansohn
True love is not a strong, fiery, impetuous passion. It is, on the contrary, an element calm and deep. It looks beyond mere externals, and is attracted by qualities alone. It is wise and discriminating, and its devotion is real and abiding. - Ellen G. White
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving. - Friedrich Nietzsche
I'm just not into trying to convince people like me. I always say to myself, 'It is what it is.' I walk into a situation knowing that people are either going to love me or they're not, and that's OK. I'm just going to be me. You can't be everything to everyone. - NeNe Leakes
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet. - Rumi
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule. - Buddha
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable. - Bruce Lee
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get. - Confucius
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship. - Marilyn Monroe
Joy is prayer; joy is strength: joy is love; joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls. - Mother Teresa
If you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway I can love for both of us. - Stendhal
Love planted a rose, and the world turned sweet. - Katharine Lee Bates
Have you not noticed that love is silence? It may be while holding the hand of another, or looking lovingly at a child, or taking in the beauty of an evening. Love has no past or future, and so it is with this extraordinary state of silence. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
With me, what you see is what you get. Yes, call me naive, but I love life. I am happy, and for that, I make no apologies. I do like to see the best in people, and when someone is nice to my face, I tend to believe them. - Joyce Giraud
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. - David Frost
A dream is what makes people love life even when it is painful. - Theodore Zeldin
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt. - Charles M. Schulz
Love in the real world means saying you're sorry 10 times a day. - Kathie Lee Gifford
What I am is how I came out. No one's perfect and you just have to accept your flaws and learn to love yourself. - Kelly Brook
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Being in love is the only transcendent experience. - Armistead Maupin
Dare, dream, dance, smile, and sing loudly! And have faith that love is an unstoppable force! - Suzanne Brockmann
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is! - Anne Frank
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
You can't blame gravity for falling in love. - Albert Einstein
I'm just not into trying to convince people like me. I always say to myself, 'It is what it is.' I walk into a situation knowing that people are either going to love me or they're not, and that's OK. I'm just going to be me. You can't be everything to everyone. - NeNe Leakes
Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved. - Erich Fromm
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it. - Rumi
I love spending time with my friends and family. The simplest things in life give me the most pleasure: cooking a good meal, enjoying my friends. - Cindy Morgan
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs. - William Shakespeare
I love you, and because I love you, I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies. - Pietro Aretino
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire. - Ferdinand Foch
Love is a really scary thing, and you never know what's going to happen. It's one of the most beautiful things in life, but it's one of the most terrifying. It's worth the fear because you have more knowledge, experience, you learn from people, and you have memories. - Ariana Grande
I need to see my own beauty and to continue to be reminded that I am enough, that I am worthy of love without effort, that I am beautiful, that the texture of my hair and that the shape of my curves, the size of my lips, the color of my skin, and the feelings that I have are all worthy and okay. - Tracee Ellis Ross
Love grows more tremendously full, swift, poignant, as the years multiply. - Zane Grey
I love the sounds and the power of pounding water, whether it is the waves or a waterfall. - Mike May
I love my wife and I know she loves me. We're best friends. We're just lucky to have found each other. It takes a lot of work but I just feel very blessed that I found the right person. It's a very fortunate situation and not everyone has that. - Harry Connick, Jr.
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule. - Buddha
With love and patience, nothing is impossible. - Daisaku Ikeda
We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights; that our destinies are bound together; that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense. - Barack Obama
Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same. - Helen Keller
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment. - Mahatma Gandhi
I think in a lot of ways unconditional love is a myth. My mom's the only reason I know it's a real thing. - Conor Oberst
My sister is a mess. I love her to death, but she is a mess. - RJ Mitte
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom. - Rabindranath Tagore
We may not know what each day has in store for us. We could be gone tomorrow. Any minute could truly be our goodbye. But we do have this moment. This time. Today. Right now. It takes way more effort to shell out hate then it does to allow love to flow freely in our lives. After all, it's what we were born to do. - Grace Gealey
I'm in love with red. I think it's such a passionate color. Every flag of every country pretty much has red it it. It's power, there's no fence sitting with red. Either you love it or you don't. I think its blood and strength and life. I do love red. I love all colors. Great shades of blue, you find them in nature. They're all magic. - Bryan Batt
Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move. Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love. - William Shakespeare
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home. - Mother Teresa
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit. - Khalil Gibran
People confuse ego, lust, insecurity with true love. - Simon Cowell
Believe in yourself, listen to your gut, and do what you love. - Dylan Lauren