Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. - Carol Burnett
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. - Charles R. Swindoll
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller 
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best. - St. Jerome
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.- 
Thomas A. Edison 
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. - Bradley Whitford
 
It always seems impossible until it's done. - Nelson Mandela
  
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
  
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. - Unknown
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. - Norman Vincent Peale
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. - Og Mandino
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. - Rabindranath Tagore
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. - Tony Robbins
If you can dream it, you can do it. - Walt Disney
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. - George S. Patton
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. - Aristotle
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. - Flip Wilson
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do. - Pope John XXIII
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. - H. G. Wells
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - Les Brown
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. - Confucius
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. - Elon Musk
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. - Leo Buscaglia
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. - Sam Levenson
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. - Lao Tzu
Never, never, never give up. - Winston Churchill
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. - Robert H. Schuller
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. - Dalai Lama
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. - Maya Angelou
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. - Bo Jackson
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Zig Ziglar
If you're going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. - Aldous Huxley
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best. - Epictetus
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. - Alfred A. Montapert
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other. - Walter Elliot
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win. - Ted Turner
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. - Stephen Hawking
Either move or be moved. - Ezra Pound
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. - W. Clement Stone
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen. - John F. Kennedy
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. - Nikos Kazantzakis
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand. - Woodrow Wilson
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. - Robert H. Schuller
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again. - Og Mandino
Either you run the day or the day runs you. - Jim Rohn
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. - Ralph Marston
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. -Don Miguel Ruiz
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. - Samuel Beckett
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. - Nelson Mandela
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. - Gordon B. Hinckley
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
I am not afraid... I was born to do this. - Joan of Arc
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it. - Albert Schweitzer
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. - Thomas Jefferson
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. - Benjamin Franklin
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. - Wayne Dyer
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.- John D. Rockefeller
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree. - Jim Rohn
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. - Victor Kiam
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. - Kyle Chandler
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th. - Julie Andrews
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week. - George S. Patton
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it. - Oprah Winfrey
There's a way to do it better - find it. - Thomas A. Edison
The people who influence you are the people who believe in you. - Henry Drummond
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. - Thomas Paine
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. - Babe Ruth
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something. - Muhammad Iqbal
A goal is a dream with a deadline. - Napoleon Hill
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins. - Jim Rohn
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along. - George Herbert
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition. - Elbert Hubbard
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change. - Katharine Hepburn
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another. - John Dewey
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. - Muhammad Ali
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large. - Confucius
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse. - Florence Nightingale
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking. - William Butler Yeats
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. - William Blake
The most effective way to do it, is to do it. - Amelia Earhart
It is very important to know who you are. To make decisions. To show who you are. - Malala Yousafzai
Don't give up. Don't lose hope. Don't sell out. - Christopher Reeve
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination. - Carl von Clausewitz
Either I will find a way, or I will make one. - Philip Sidney
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. - Wayne Dyer
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down. - Mia Hamm
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare. - Bobby Knight
Never give in and never give up. - Hubert H. Humphrey
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness. - Allen Ginsberg
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead. - George Lucas
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned. - Peter Marshall
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay. - Simone de Beauvoir
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. - Jack London
If you think you can do it, you can. - John Burroughs
You will never win if you never begin. - Helen Rowland
Step by step and the thing is done. - Charles Atlas
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment. - Orison Swett Marden
It's always too early to quit. - Norman Vincent Peale
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path. - Khalil Gibran
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now. - Denis Waitley
They can conquer who believe they can. - Virgil
Every exit is an entry somewhere else. - Tom Stoppard
Deserve your dream. - Octavio Paz
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals. - Michael Korda
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. - Mark Caine
To be a good loser is to learn how to win. - Carl Sandburg
Never complain and never explain. - Benjamin Disraeli
The first question which the priest and the Levite asked was: 'If I stop to help this man, what will happen to me?' But... the good Samaritan reversed the question: 'If I do not stop to help this man, what will happen to him?' - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Wherever you are - be all there. - Jim Elliot
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.- Dan Millman
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. - Henry Ford
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. - Jim Rohn
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves. - Richard Rorty
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals. - George S. Patton
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent. - Norman Ralph Augustine
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often. - Brian Tracy
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open. - Pauline Kael
Don't think, just do. - Horace
After a storm comes a calm. - Matthew Henry
Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl. - Benjamin Jowett
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing. - Thomas Jefferson
Hitch your wagon to a star. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Who seeks shall find. - Sophocles
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different. - Donna Brazile
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way. - Eileen Caddy
Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going. - Norman Cousins
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed. - Herman Cain
You have to make it happen. - Denis Diderot
To know oneself, one should assert oneself. - Albert Camus
Many are called but few get up. - Oliver Herford
God always strives together with those who strive. - Aeschylus
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter. - William James
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself. - Saint Teresa of Avila
When one must, one can. - Charlotte Whitton
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents. - John W. Gardner
Get action. Seize the moment. Man was never intended to become an oyster. - Theodore Roosevelt
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder. - Natalie Gulbis
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future. - Philip Emeagwali
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be. - Ken Venturi
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? - Eliza Dushku
The more things you do, the more you can do. - Lucille Ball
The more we do, the more we can do. - William Hazlitt
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself. - Swami Sivananda
You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Always desire to learn something useful. - Sophocles
Leap, and the net will appear. - John Burroughs
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name. - Sylvia Browne
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail. - John Donne
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world. - Judy Collins
Don't fight the problem, decide it. - George C. Marshall
I like motivational books, because I like the go-getting American spirit - your destiny is in your own hands, life is what you make it, don't accept your limitations, jump before you're pushed, leap before you look. - Louise Mensch
Success is the only motivational factor that a boy with character needs. - Woody Hayes
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting. - Christopher Morley
To begin, begin. - William Wordsworth
The wise does at once what the fool does at last. - Baltasar Gracian
Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you. - George Whitefield
Do whatever you do intensely. - Robert Henri
There is always room at the top. - Daniel Webster
The dog that trots about finds a bone. - Golda Meir
If you've got a talent, protect it. - Jim Carrey
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life. - Dean Koontz
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud. - Emile Zola
He conquers who endures. - Persius
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. - Unknown
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life. - Jimmy Dean
You create your opportunities by asking for them. - Shakti Gawain
Set yourself earnestly to see what you are made to do, and then set yourself earnestly to do it. - Phillips Brooks
Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it. - Diane Sawyer
There is progress whether ye are going forward or backward! The thing is to move! - Edgar Cayce
You never know what motivates you. - Cicely Tyson
Giving back, doing motivational speeches and stuff like that, that's always made me feel good. If you repeatedly go out there, and you are the change that you want to see, then that's what you are. - Keke Palmer
I'm thrilled to continue my partnership with U by Kotex for Generation Know while helping to empower girls. I've always been a motivational resource for my younger sisters and hope I can positively impact and inspire other young girls too. - Khloe Kardashian
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me. - Peter Steele
I went to a motivational training course once, a course of self-discovery, and I found out after a week that my fear - it was not a fear of not being accepted - was a very violent fear of failure. - Emanuel Steward
Religious speech is extreme, emotional, and motivational. It is anti-literal, relying on metaphor, allusion, and other rhetorical devices, and it assumes knowledge within a community of believers. - Amy Waldman
I am not a has-been. I am a will be. - Lauren Bacall
A somebody was once a nobody who wanted to and did. - John Burroughs
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle. - Sasha Cohen
If you don't ask, you don't get. - Stevie Wonder
A will finds a way. - Orison Swett Marden